docs: add CronWorkflow stopStrategy docs (#12696)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/variables.md

| `workflow.status` | Workflow status. One of: `Succeeded`, `Failed`, `Error` |
| `workflow.failures` | A list of JSON objects containing information about nodes that failed or errored during execution. Available fields: `displayName`, `message`, `templateName`, `phase`, `podName`, and `finishedAt`. |

> ### Stop Strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `stopStrategy`
```

We can probably mimic `retryStrategy` in naming

> v3.6 and after

> When using the `condition` field within `stopStrategy` in `CronWorkflows`, special variables are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `condition` field within the [`stopStrategy` of a `CronWorkflow`](cron-workflows.md#automatically-stopping-a-cronworkflow), special variables are available.
```

- fix grammar a bit
- link back to the Cron docs
